THIRD PERIOD ABOUT TO
GET UNDER WAY AT THE MTS
CENTRE 2-1 GAME FOR THE
ANAHEIM DUCKS. NO SCORING IN
PERIOD NUMBER TWO. ANDREW COPP
FINDS A LAME AND GOES BY
JONATHAN BERNIER. THE JETS
HAVE A 1-0 LEAD. . . THAT WAS A
SHORT-HANDED TALLY AND THEN
GETZLAF LEADS THE ATTACK. AND
IT ENDS UP ON THE STICK OF
RAKELL ON THE SHORT SIDE. THAT
IS THE WAY WE STAND GOING INTO
THE THIRD PERIOD.
>> THE THIRD PERIOD STARTS FOR
THE WINNIPEG JETS WITH A
POWER-PLAY. WE HAD A BIT OF A
MIX-UP AT THE END OF PERIOD
NUMBER TWO. THEY HAVE KESLER'S
NUMBER ON THE BOARD, KESLER
AND PERRY IN THE BOX FOR THE
DUCKS AND MIKE SCHEIFELE FOR
THE WINNIPEG JETS.
>> PROBABLY COREY PERRY'S
PENALTY THERE WERE THE
ORIGINAL COMBATANTS. AND COREY
PERRY GRABBED BLAKE WHEELER.
THE JETS HAVE THE POWER-PLAY,
THE FOURTH POWER-PLAY OF THE
NIGHT FOR THE WINNIPEG JETS
THEY ARE DOWN BY ONE. FOWLER
HE WILL DIG IT THREE AND
CLEARS TO THE LINE. KEPT IN,
NOT DOWN BY BLAKE WHEELER.
BATTLING, INTO THE SLOT. --
BYFUGLIEN.
>> THE DUCKS ARE GOOD AT
GETTING STICKS IN PASSING AND
SHOOTING LANES.
>> GETZLAF COULD NOT HANDLE
IT. ADAM LOWRY, BLAKE WHEELER.
WHEELER PUT IT TO THE FRONT OF
THE NET. AND NOBODY COULD GET A
STICK ON IT. NIC PETAN FOR
ADAM LOWRY, BACK TO THE TIME.
THE DUCKS VERY IMPRESSIVE ON
THE PENALTY KILL. WHEELER BACK
UP TOP FOR BYFUGLIEN. BERNIER
WITH THE SAVE, THE REBOUND,
CLEARED AWAY. BY PETAN, BACK TO
BYFUGLIEN. BYFUGLIEN IN THE
SLOT. IT AND. SEND IT DOWN LOW.
BIEKSA. LOWRY HELPS OUT. LOWRY
IS UP FOR WHEELER TRYING TO
GO BACK SIDE. THAT GOT HIT
AWAY. PETAN QUICKLY BACK IN
FOR BLAKE WHEELER. WHEELER.